Add issue templates (#277)
canonical/design.ubuntu.com: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/request-a-missing-resource-or-asset.md

---
name: Request a missing resource or asset
about: Let us know if you can't find a design or brand asset you are looking for
title: ''
labels: Resource request
assignees: ''

---

> **What kind of resource/asset you are looking for? (logo, image, icon, banner, etc)**

Reviewer: In the heading I'd phrase it "What kind of resource/asset are you looking for?"

Author: ```suggestion
**What kind of resource or asset are you looking for?**
```

> Tell us what kind of resource you are looking for …

Author: ```suggestion
Tell us what kind of resource you are looking for (logo, image, icon, banner, etc) …
```
